feat(outputs.health): Add max time between metrics check (#16646)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/outputs/health/README.md

  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"

>   ## Enables the max_time_between_metrics. Disabled by default
>   # unhealthy_if_metrics_are_delayed = false
>   ## Sets the maximum expected time between metrics being written
>   ## to the plugin. Ignored when unhealthy_if_metrics_are_delayed is false.
>   # max_time_between_metrics = "1s"

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
  ## Maximum expected time between metrics being written
  ## Enforces an unhealthy state if there was no new metric seen for at least the
  ## specified time. The check is disabled by default and only used if a positive
  ## time is specified.
  # max_time_between_metrics = "0s"
```

Author: Updated
